Split forums docs into sections (#5494)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/topics/Threads.md

Discord's clients only load active threads into memory on start. So when a thread is unarchived, there is no guarantee that the client has either the thread or whether they are a member, in memory. As such, the Gateway sends a [Thread Update](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY_EVENTS/thread-update) first, which contains the full channel object. And then sends a [Thread Member Update](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY_EVENTS/thread-member-update) to each member of the thread, so those clients know they are a member, and what their notification setting is. This event is not that valuable for bots right now, but is going to be received by bots, so is documented here none the less.

## Forums

> A `GUILD_FORUM` (type `15`) channel is similar to a `GUILD_TEXT` channel, except *only* threads can be created in them. Unless otherwise noted, threads in forum channels behave in the same way as in text channels—meaning they use the same endpoints and receive the same Gateway events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `GUILD_FORUM` (type `15`) channel is similar to a `GUILD_TEXT` channel, with the exception that *only* threads can be created in them. Unless otherwise noted, threads in forum channels behave in the same way as in text channels, meaning they use the same endpoints and receive the same Gateway events.
```

Messages cannot be sent directly in forum channels.

> info
> More information about forum channels and how they appear in Discord can be found in the [Forum Channels FAQ](https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/6208479917079-Forum-Channels-FAQ#h_01G69FJQWTWN88HFEHK7Z6X79N)

### Creating Threads in Forum Channels

> Threads appear as forum posts within forum channels, and are created the same way as threads in text channels. However, private threads are currently not supported in forum channels so all threads created must be of type `PUBLIC_THREAD`.

Reviewer 2: > and are created the same way as threads in text channels

There are some small differences actually, for example when creating a thread in a forum you *must* also create a message at the same time in that API call, so there's some extra args required.

> private threads are currently not supported in forum channels so all threads created must be of type `PUBLIC_THREAD`

I'd suggest tweaking this a tad because it implies that we might support private threads in the future and that you have pass in the type. We actually don't even expose a `type` parameter for the create-forum-thread endpoint, we just force it to be a public thread in the API code

Threads in a forum channel have the same permissions behavior as threads in a text channel, inheriting all permissions from the parent channel, with one exception: creating a thread in a forum channel only requires the `SEND_MESSAGES` permission.

### Forum Channel Fields

It's worth calling out a few details about fields specific to forum channels that may be important to keep in mind:

- The `last_message_id` field is the ID of the most recently created thread in that channel. As with messages, your app will not receive a `CHANNEL_UPDATE` event when the field is changed. Instead clients should update the value when receiving [Thread Create](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY_EVENTS/thread-create) events.
- The `topic` field is what is shown in the "Guidelines" section within the Discord client.
- The `rate_limit_per_user` field limits how frequently threads can be created. There is a new `default_thread_rate_limit_per_user` field on forums as well, which limits how often messages can be sent _in a thread_. This field is copied into `rate_limit_per_user` on the thread at creation time.

> - The `available_tags` field can be set when creating or updating a channel, which determines which tags can be set on individual threads within the thread's `applied_tags` field.

Reviewer 3: Might also be worth pointing out the `REQUIRE_TAG` flag for forum channels here.

All fields for channels, including forum channels, can be found in the [Channel Object](#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/channel-object). 

### Forum Channel Thread Fields

A thread can be pinned within a forum, which will be represented as the [`PINNED` flag](#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/channel-object-channel-flags) in the `flags` field within a forum channel. A thread that is pinned will have the `(1 << 1)` flag set, and archiving that thread will unset the flag. A pinned thread will *not* auto-archive.

The `message_count` and `total_message_sent` fields on threads in forum channels will increment on `MESSAGE_CREATE` events, and decrement on `MESSAGE_DELETE` and `MESSAGE_DELETE_BULK` events. There will be no specific `CHANNEL_UPDATE` event that notifies your app of changes to those fields—instead, apps should update those values when receiving corresponding events.

All fields for threads in forum channels can be found in the [channel resources documentation](#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/start-thread-in-forum-channel-jsonform-params).

### Forum Channel Thread Formatting

> Unlike threads in text channels, threads in forum channels can contain additional markdown for bulleted lists and headings.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Unlike threads in text channels, threads in forum channels can contain additional markdown for bulleted lists and headings in their first message. This additional formatting is also available in forum channel topics.
```

Author: went with a little different wording, but included this info

> Unlike threads in text channels, threads in forum channels can contain additional markdown for bulleted lists and headings.

Reviewer 2: This only applies to the first message in the thread btw, the one that you create in the API call to make a thread.
